# Modular Idle

**Note:** This project is a work in progress, and I may or may not decide to continue working on it. :)

## Description

This is a minimal idle game designed primarily as a means to learn TypeScript, reinforce my web development skills, and experiment with Cordova. The game mechanics are straightforward, featuring four key elements:

1. **Resources:** These are generated by workers and are consumed by other resources.
2. **Storage:** You can purchase storage to increase the maximum amount of resources you can hold or construct houses for workers.
3. **Facilities:** These can be acquired to enable and boost resource production by increasing the maximum number of workers.
4. **Population:** This represents different types of workers that need to be created and maintained using resources.
5. **Knowledge:** bonus: This section allows you to purchase the possibility of building new structures.

The idea is that the relationships between these four elements is described in a JSON file or any other suitable format, and the game is constructed based on ththat description.

The game currently lacks graphics, except for the game icon, and I have no intention to add them since this project is primarily for learning purposes.

## Development

This project utilizes [Cordova](https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/latest/), [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), and [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/). Apart from that, it's just a single-page static HTML application.

The source code is located in the `www` folder, and it might appear a bit disorganized as I have changed my mind about the overall design a few times.

As I am using [bun](https://bun.sh/) as a runtime JavaScript runner (and as a package manager), all the following commands start with `bun`, but they can easily be replaced with `npm`:

- `bun start`: Run the web version of the program (in watch mode).
- `bun check`: Verify the integrity of the `data.mts` file, which contains the data used to generate the game.


